[Music]
[Music] and the Lord spoke to Moses if a person
and the Lord spoke to Moses if a person
and the Lord spoke to Moses if a person sins and commits a trespass against the
sins and commits a trespass against the
sins and commits a trespass against the Lord by lying to his neighbor about what
Lord by lying to his neighbor about what
Lord by lying to his neighbor about what was delivered to him for safekeeping or
was delivered to him for safekeeping or
was delivered to him for safekeeping or about a pledge or about a robbery or if
about a pledge or about a robbery or if
about a pledge or about a robbery or if he is extorting from his neighbor or if
he is extorting from his neighbor or if
he is extorting from his neighbor or if he has found what was lost and lies
he has found what was lost and lies
he has found what was lost and lies concerning it and swears falsely in any
concerning it and swears falsely in any
concerning it and swears falsely in any one of these things that a man may do in
one of these things that a man may do in
one of these things that a man may do in which he sins then it shall be because
which he sins then it shall be because
which he sins then it shall be because he has sinned and is guilty that he
he has sinned and is guilty that he
he has sinned and is guilty that he shall restore what he has stolen or the
shall restore what he has stolen or the
shall restore what he has stolen or the thing which he has extorted or what was
thing which he has extorted or what was
thing which he has extorted or what was delivered to him for safekeeping or the
delivered to him for safekeeping or the
delivered to him for safekeeping or the lost thing which he found or all that
lost thing which he found or all that
lost thing which he found or all that about which he has sworn falsely he
about which he has sworn falsely he
about which he has sworn falsely he shall restore its full value and one
shall restore its full value and one
shall restore its full value and one fifth more to it and give it to whomever
fifth more to it and give it to whomever
fifth more to it and give it to whomever it belongs on the day of his trespass
it belongs on the day of his trespass
it belongs on the day of his trespass offering and he shall bring his trespass
offering and he shall bring his trespass
offering and he shall bring his trespass offering to the Lord
offering to the Lord
offering to the Lord a ram without blemish from the flock
a ram without blemish from the flock
a ram without blemish from the flock with your valuation as a trespass
with your valuation as a trespass
with your valuation as a trespass offering to the priests so the priest
offering to the priests so the priest
offering to the priests so the priest shall make a tournament for him before
shall make a tournament for him before
shall make a tournament for him before the Lord and he shall be forgiven for
the Lord and he shall be forgiven for
the Lord and he shall be forgiven for any one of these things that he may have
any one of these things that he may have
any one of these things that he may have done in which he trespasses
done in which he trespasses
done in which he trespasses then the Lord spoke to Moses
command error and his sons
command error and his sons saying this is the law of the burnt
saying this is the law of the burnt
saying this is the law of the burnt offering the burnt offering shall be on
offering the burnt offering shall be on
offering the burnt offering shall be on the hearth upon the altar all night
the hearth upon the altar all night
the hearth upon the altar all night until morning and the fire of the altar
until morning and the fire of the altar
until morning and the fire of the altar shall be kept burning on it and the
shall be kept burning on it and the
shall be kept burning on it and the priest shall put on his linen garment
priest shall put on his linen garment
priest shall put on his linen garment and his linen trousers he shall put on
and his linen trousers he shall put on
and his linen trousers he shall put on his body and take up the ashes of the
his body and take up the ashes of the
his body and take up the ashes of the burnt offering which the fire has
burnt offering which the fire has
burnt offering which the fire has consumed on the altar and he shall put
consumed on the altar and he shall put
consumed on the altar and he shall put them beside the altar then he shall take
them beside the altar then he shall take
them beside the altar then he shall take off his garments put on other garments
off his garments put on other garments
off his garments put on other garments and carry the ashes outside the camp to
and carry the ashes outside the camp to
and carry the ashes outside the camp to a clean place and the fire on the altar
a clean place and the fire on the altar
a clean place and the fire on the altar shall be kept burning on it it shall not
shall be kept burning on it it shall not
shall be kept burning on it it shall not be put out and the priest shall burn
be put out and the priest shall burn
be put out and the priest shall burn wood on it every morning and lay the
wood on it every morning and lay the
wood on it every morning and lay the burnt offering in order on it and he
burnt offering in order on it and he
burnt offering in order on it and he shall burn on it the fat of the piece
shall burn on it the fat of the piece
shall burn on it the fat of the piece offerings a fire shall always be burning
offerings a fire shall always be burning
offerings a fire shall always be burning on the altar it shall never go out
on the altar it shall never go out
on the altar it shall never go out this is the law of the grain offering
this is the law of the grain offering
this is the law of the grain offering the sons of Aaron shall offer it on the
the sons of Aaron shall offer it on the
the sons of Aaron shall offer it on the altar before the Lord he shall take from
altar before the Lord he shall take from
altar before the Lord he shall take from it his hand full of the fine flour of
it his hand full of the fine flour of
it his hand full of the fine flour of the grain offering with its oil and all
the grain offering with its oil and all
the grain offering with its oil and all the frankincense which is on the grain
the frankincense which is on the grain
the frankincense which is on the grain offering and shall burn it on the altar
offering and shall burn it on the altar
offering and shall burn it on the altar for a sweet aroma as a memorial to the
for a sweet aroma as a memorial to the
for a sweet aroma as a memorial to the Lord and the remainder of it Aaron and
Lord and the remainder of it Aaron and
Lord and the remainder of it Aaron and his sons shall eat with unleavened bread
his sons shall eat with unleavened bread
his sons shall eat with unleavened bread it shall be eaten in a holy place in the
it shall be eaten in a holy place in the
it shall be eaten in a holy place in the court of the tabernacle of meeting they
court of the tabernacle of meeting they
court of the tabernacle of meeting they shall eat it it shall not be baked with
shall eat it it shall not be baked with
shall eat it it shall not be baked with leaven I have given it as their portion
leaven I have given it as their portion
leaven I have given it as their portion of my offerings made by fire it is most
of my offerings made by fire it is most
of my offerings made by fire it is most holy like the sin offering and the
holy like the sin offering and the
holy like the sin offering and the trespass offering all the males among
trespass offering all the males among
trespass offering all the males among the children of Aaron may eat it it
the children of Aaron may eat it it
the children of Aaron may eat it it shall be a statute forever in your
shall be a statute forever in your
shall be a statute forever in your generations concerning the offerings
generations concerning the offerings
generations concerning the offerings made by fire to the Lord every one who
made by fire to the Lord every one who
made by fire to the Lord every one who touches them must be holy and the Lord
touches them must be holy and the Lord
touches them must be holy and the Lord spoke to Moses this is the offering of
spoke to Moses this is the offering of
spoke to Moses this is the offering of Aaron and his sons which they shall
Aaron and his sons which they shall
Aaron and his sons which they shall offer to the Lord
offer to the Lord
offer to the Lord beginning on the day when he is anointed
beginning on the day when he is anointed
beginning on the day when he is anointed one tenth of an ephah of flour as a
one tenth of an ephah of flour as a
one tenth of an ephah of flour as a daily grain offering half of it in the
daily grain offering half of it in the
daily grain offering half of it in the morning and half of it at night it shall
morning and half of it at night it shall
morning and half of it at night it shall be made in a pan with
be made in a pan with
be made in a pan with when it is mixed you shall bring it in
when it is mixed you shall bring it in
when it is mixed you shall bring it in the baked pieces of the grain offering
the baked pieces of the grain offering
the baked pieces of the grain offering you shall offer for a sweet aroma to the
you shall offer for a sweet aroma to the
you shall offer for a sweet aroma to the Lord
Lord
Lord priests from among his sons who is
priests from among his sons who is
priests from among his sons who is anointed in his place shall offer it
anointed in his place shall offer it
anointed in his place shall offer it it is a statue forever to the Lord it
it is a statue forever to the Lord it
it is a statue forever to the Lord it shall be holy burned for every grain
shall be holy burned for every grain
shall be holy burned for every grain offering for the priest shall be a holy
offering for the priest shall be a holy
offering for the priest shall be a holy burned it shall not be eaten also the
burned it shall not be eaten also the
burned it shall not be eaten also the Lord spoke to Moses saying speak to
Lord spoke to Moses saying speak to
Lord spoke to Moses saying speak to Aaron and to his sons saying this is the
Aaron and to his sons saying this is the
Aaron and to his sons saying this is the law of the sin offering in the place
law of the sin offering in the place
law of the sin offering in the place where the burnt offering is killed the
where the burnt offering is killed the
where the burnt offering is killed the sin offering shall be killed before the
sin offering shall be killed before the
sin offering shall be killed before the Lord it is most holy the priest who
Lord it is most holy the priest who
Lord it is most holy the priest who offers it for sin shall eat it in a holy
offers it for sin shall eat it in a holy
offers it for sin shall eat it in a holy place it shall be eaten in the court of
place it shall be eaten in the court of
place it shall be eaten in the court of the tabernacle of meeting everyone who
the tabernacle of meeting everyone who
the tabernacle of meeting everyone who touches its flesh must be holy and when
touches its flesh must be holy and when
touches its flesh must be holy and when its blood is sprinkled on any garment
its blood is sprinkled on any garment
its blood is sprinkled on any garment you shall wash that on which it was
you shall wash that on which it was
you shall wash that on which it was sprinkled in a holy place
sprinkled in a holy place
sprinkled in a holy place but the earthen vessel in which it is
but the earthen vessel in which it is
but the earthen vessel in which it is boiled shall be broken and if it is
boiled shall be broken and if it is
boiled shall be broken and if it is boiled in a bronze pot it shall be both
boiled in a bronze pot it shall be both
boiled in a bronze pot it shall be both scoured and rinsed in water all the
scoured and rinsed in water all the
scoured and rinsed in water all the males among the priests may eat it it is
males among the priests may eat it it is
males among the priests may eat it it is most holy but no sin offering from which
most holy but no sin offering from which
most holy but no sin offering from which any of the blood is brought into the
any of the blood is brought into the
any of the blood is brought into the tabernacle of meeting to make atonement
tabernacle of meeting to make atonement
tabernacle of meeting to make atonement in the holy place shall be eaten it
in the holy place shall be eaten it
in the holy place shall be eaten it shall be burned in the fire